RHIDP-5423: Content for Kubernetes scaffolder actions (#951)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/using-kubernetes-custom-actions/proc-enable-kubernetes-custom-actions-plugin.adoc

[id='proc-enable-kubernetes-custom-actions-plugin_{context}']
= Enabling Kubernetes custom actions plugin in {product}

In {product}, the Kubernetes custom actions are provided as a preinstalled plugin, which is disabled by default. You can enable the Kubernetes custom plugin using the following procedure.

.Prerequisites

> * {product} is installed and running.
> For more information about installing the {product-short}, see xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-helm[{installing-on-ocp-book-title} with the Helm chart].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have installed {product} with the Helm chart.
```
Based on the feedback we received about all of the links in the Prerequisites section of our docs, let's refrain from sending the user out to another doc - it is also assumed that the user has RHDH installed and running, although we might specify that this is a Helm-specific procedure

* You have created a project in the {product-short}.

.Procedure

> To enable the Kubernetes custom plugin, complete the following step:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the Kubernetes custom actions plugin, complete the following step:
```

* In your Helm chart, add a `package` with the Kubernetes custom action plugin name and update the `disabled` field. For example:
+
--
[source,yaml]
----
global:
  dynamic:
    includes:
      - dynamic-plugins.default.yaml
    plugins:

>       - package: ./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-community-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-servicenow-dynamic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - package: ./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-community-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-kubernetes-dynamic
```
